ending for today means having one
we still or better equal quite a lot
the fighters for the creative chaos
bonaparte live
[Music]
wild action fantastic costumes and
uninhibited lulls everything under
imperial supreme command the ins
bonaparte the exact number of
Members is not defined
However, that is from all over
countries come and currently mostly in
live berlin
the emperor left his exile
and do again through Europe at this time
but without arms if you say so
different levels so in live on the
stage is collectively , so you have to be
area of the patient are where he expected
I do a lot of alone in the studio
But there are always situations
like somehow yesterday after this beautiful
Angel's boy to my left then well
another gate on it makes me over that
did not send that in still fits
and it's been collectively but is
already holding out know from my
madness outgrow
Maybe you can say that
[Music]
Bonaparte was already his time
his rebirth stands in front of him
Nothing is considered synergy by today
free organizational structures ping pong
is a good example
we all meet some stay
others left for a while and come
then back so creates a constant
flow a flowing state of desires
and we ourselves as a group generate one
Family feeling can always do this
again new people come to this and
nevertheless, the same energy exists
same far
[Music]
Super
the similarities with the
However, French military leaders are
more far-reaching than for the laity
first to recognize
Funnily, bonaparte was a person
his army partly really chic
was attracted
which is pretty much for their enemies
Worrying was what's the fuck
is carnival feathers and so really funny
member behind bars a grid
dies glitter the weapons are so
drew the goal then as today
conquest so bonaparte see themselves too
in the 21st century on a campaign
it is actually very similar ok
nobody dies people are hurt
but nobody dies in ours
slaughter but yes there really is
similarities
we also have to organize everything
situations react
Where do we meet? How do we do that?
audience
If you are afraid, you should cover up
for the brave rest, osama is for one
another battle with the bonner
practical collective starting next week
with her new album and now at
tracks of course live
Wow
[Music]
No
[Applause]
because bonaparte and that was lazy
stay on show here with us on arte
or on the net on arte dot tv
[Applause]